==Guard-Compass fails to act on changes in Raisl 2.3.9 (Ruby 1.9.3-p327)

I have a Rails application that I'm upgrading from 3.1.1 to 3.2.9. Since
I have a few applications to upgrade, I'm doing this one from scratch so
that I can be sure as I add components that they work. Unfortunately,
guard-compass is giving me headaches. BTW, everything works fine under
3.1.1 (although I had a similarly difficult time setting that up too).


Starting rails gives this error:

$ rails s
/Users/.../.rvm/gems/ruby-1.9.3-p327/gems/sass-3.2.3/lib/sass/util.rb:395:in `rails_root': ERROR: Rails.root is nil! (RuntimeError)

And trying to use guard gives me lots of errors.

$ guard
[...SNIP...]
15:08:19 - INFO - Rails started, pid 7351
15:08:19 - ERROR - Guard::Compass failed to achieve its <start>, exception was:
> [#0931A55A3053] Compass::Error: No application integration exists for rails
[...SNIP...]
15:08:19 - INFO - Guard::Compass has just been fired
15:08:19 - INFO - LiveReload 1.6 is waiting for a browser to connect.
15:08:19 - INFO - Starting Spork for RSpec
Using RSpec
Preloading Rails environment
ERROR: Rails.root is nil! (RuntimeError)
[...SNIP...]


The errors:
ERROR: Rails.root is nil!
Compass::Error: No application integration exists for rails
keep coming up and goggle is not helping me find any kind of solution.

I've tried to follow the instructions on http://beta.compass-style.org/install/ and http://compass-style.org/install/ without success.

I have created a test app on github that demonstrates the issue. You can find it at:

    git://github.com/mattmartini/Guard-Compass-test-app.git


Thanks

Matt

Version info:

Works:
rails (3.1.1)
Ruby (1.9.2-p290)
compass (0.12.alpha.0)
guard-compass (0.0.6)
sass (3.1.11)
sass-rails (3.1.5)
guard-sass (0.5.4)
haml (3.1.4)
guard-haml (0.3.1)

Doesn't Work:
rails (3.2.9)
Ruby (1.9.3-p327)
compass-rails (1.0.3)
compass (0.12.2)
guard-compass (0.0.6)
guard-haml (0.4)
guard-sass (1.0.1)
haml (3.1.7)
haml-rails (0.3.5)
sass (3.2.3)
sass-rails (3.2.5)
